change join table from allergen to allergy (#2)
learn-co-curriculum/OO-mini-project: README.md

- `Recipe#ingredients`
should return all of the ingredients in this recipe
- `Recipe#allergens`

> should return all of the ingredients in this recipe that users are allergic to

Reviewer: "...`Ingredient`s in this recipe that are allergens for `User`s in our system"

This hints that the join is the key of Allergen to User via Allergy.

> should return all of the ingredients in this recipe that users are allergic to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
should return all of the `Ingredient`s in this recipe that are allergens for `User`s in our system.
```

should return all of the recipes this user has recipe cards for
- `User#add_recipe_card`
should accept a recipe instance as an argument, as well as a date and rating, and create a new recipe card for this user and the given recipe
- `User#declare_allergy`

> should accept an ingredient instance as an argument, and create a new allergy instance for this user and the given ingredient

Reviewer: Formatting...

> should accept an ingredient instance as an argument, and create a new allergy instance for this user and the given ingredient

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
should accept an`Ingredient` instance as an argument, and create a new `Allergy` instance for this `User` and the given `Ingredient`
```

- `RecipeIngredient#recipe`
should return the recipe instance

> ### `Allergy`

Reviewer: This subtlety below comes AFTER it's domain model impact is needed in `declare_allergy`. Move this bloc before `User`?
